So it's proxy AAPI time now.
What is the proxy AAPI all about.
Well here I actually got some slides to show that.
How do we use proxies.
Imagine you have an object.
It has a property we have word that a name and the value you use Macs.
Now your source code wants to access this object that wants to get the name let's say.
So far that's nothing too uncommon I guess.
Now a proxy basically is a wrapper for this object which means it rhapsode it and clueless is it.
And now if you want to access this we have to go frood as proxy.
Now currently unsigned the proxy isn't doing anything.
We have to set up certain traps which means we trap certain kinds of access actions regarding these
object.
For example you might have to get trapped and if we have such a get trapped then our source code is
not able to directly get this value.
Instead it will be trapped.
So the trap will capture the request and it has to get through to request or through the trap to actually
get the value.
Now in that trap we of course may run any kind of code you want.
Now this example might resemble the getters and setters which you already saw but there are a lot more
traps than that.
And actually the traps aren't exactly the methods you learned in your reflect the API module.
So let's have a look at this.
The code